instead of Max heap we can use min heap to
solve this problem with less time complexity Let us
see how Let us take this array of size seven
with elements 421896 and 5 and the value of
k as three
Now we to find the top three elements from this array
we can find it by following this procedure
First create a min heap for the first K elements
that is create min heap for first three elements four
two and one
The initial tree will look something like this
After applying the heapify process the value one will
come to the top of the heap as it is
the smallest element
So the first step is over next we need to compare
the remaining elements with the root nodes value if it
is greater than the root replaced the value and called
the heapify process again
Otherwise we can simply skip and proceed with the
next element for example compared the Element eight with the
value of root it is greater than root so replace
it and then called the heapify process
Now the value two will come to the top of
the heap now compared the next element nine
With the value of root it is greater than root
so replace it and then called the heapify
process now the value four will come to
the top of the heap similarly compared the next element
six with value of four
It is also greater than root so replace it and
then called the heapify process
Since it is in correct min heap order the value six
will remain at the top of the heap and finally
compared the last Element five with value of root
It is lesser than root so we can skip the
process and that's it
And we can see that the top three values are
present in the heap and now we can just print
it and the top three elements are 6 8 and 9
So using this logic we can easily solve the problem
and the idea is very simple
Construct  min heap for first K elements
Next iterate the remaining elements and update the heap
whenever we find an element with higher value and finally print the values present in the key that's it.